=pod

=head2 Prerequisites

On Fedora 16

	yum install openssl-devel
	cpanm -v Net::OpenSSH

=head2 Developing

	cd ~/devel
	svn checkout http://svn.perlide.org/padre/trunk padre-src

	cd padre-src
	git clone git://github.com/mj41/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel.git Padre-Plugin-ReDevel

	~/devel/padre-src/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel/utils/dev_rd.sh

=head2 ReDevel menu not showh

If you don't see ReDevel item in Tools menu, then module loading failed fatally and you should
look to Tools -> Plug-in Manager, select "ReDevel" and click on "Show error messsage" button.
Use Tools -> Plug-in Tools -> Reload All Plug-ins after you fix problem. Now you should see
Tools -> ReDevel item.

=head2 Test user "rd" on localhost

	# your user name, e.g. michal
	whoami
	# login as root
	sudo su -
	# add user rd
	adduser rd
	# set up passwd for user rd
	passwd rd
	# login as rd
	su rd -
	# generate new ssh keys for user rd
	ssh-keygen
	# logout from rd back to root
	exit
	# replace michal with your real user name (output of the first line)
	cat /home/michal/.ssh/id_rsa.pub >> /home/rd/.ssh/authorized_keys
	# logout back to normal user and run Padre
	exit

=head2 Testing

	cd ~/devel/padre-src/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel && perl t/harness.pl && cd lib/auto/App/ReDevel/server && perl t/harness.pl

	cd ~/devel/padre-src/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel
	clear && perl bin/redevel.pl --host=my.host.example.com --user="root" --ver=10 --cmd=test_hostname

	clear && perl bin/redevel.pl --host=localhost --user="rd" --ver=10 --host_dist_type="linux-64b" --cmd=renew_server_dir
	clear && perl bin/redevel.pl --host=localhost --user="rd" --ver=10 --cmd=test_noop_rpc
	clear && perl bin/redevel.pl --host=localhost --user="rd" --ver=10 --cmd=test_three_parts_rpc


=head2 Config

See 'Example configuration' paragraph below and put content of example configuration to your
C<~/.local/shar/padre/redevel.yml>. It is your ReDevel plugin configuration file. You can open
and edit it by Tools -> ReDevel -> Config, reload -> Open config menu item. Now modify configuration
paths in C<MyPm-path_maps> section. Each alias in path_maps has elements with three parts

=over

=item *

source directory, matching pattern and destination directory or

=item *

source file path, nothing and destinatin file path.

=back

Matching pattern C<'**'> means anything and deeply to directory structure. Matching patters C<'*'> means
anything in source directory but not subdirectories.

=head2 Run padre

Then run Padre, open some file from C</home/mj/devel/padre-src/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel/lib/> directory,
save session Ctrl+Shift+S with name "redevel - simple_test" (see session -> session_name in configuration
file) and enable ReDevel plugin in plugin manager. Now restart Padre and open saved session. ReDevel plugin
should find that you have configuration for current session name and load it (see debug console output).

Then use menu item Tools -> ReDevel -> Connect, renew and start. ReDevel plugin will try to connect to
C<localhost> as user C<rd> with ssh key (see 'Test user "rd"' on localhost paragraph). Now after you open,
 hange and save some files from C<path_maps>, you can see something like

=begin text

 [[[TEST_PLUGIN:after_save]]] Padre::Plugin::ReDevel=HASH(0x33c7688), Padre::Document=HASH(0x4103370)
file_path: /home/mj/.local/share/.padre/redevel.yml -> host_alias: MyH_alias, dest_path: /home/rd/redevel-simple-test/redevel-back.yml
Creating destination dir path '/home/rd/redevel-simple-test/'
Running shell command 'mkpath':
Output from server: '{
   "version" : "0.100",
   "response" : {
      "rc" : 1
   },
   "status" : 200
}
'
=== response is ok =============================================
status: 200 - 'Success.'
--- response data: ---------------------------------------------
{
  'rc' => 1
}
================================================================

Putting item '/home/mj/.local/share/.padre/redevel.yml' -> '/home/rd/redevel-simple-test/redevel-back.yml'

 [[[TEST_PLUGIN:after_save]]] Padre::Plugin::ReDevel=HASH(0x33c7688), Padre::Document::Perl=HASH(0x40f8120)
file_path: /home/mj/devel/padre-src/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel/lib/Padre/Plugin/ReDevel.pm -> host_alias: MyH_alias, dest_path: /home/rd/redevel-simple-test/ppr-lib/Padre/Plugin/ReDevel.pm
Creating destination dir path '/home/rd/redevel-simple-test/ppr-lib/Padre/Plugin/'
Running shell command 'mkpath':
Output from server: '{
   "version" : "0.100",
   "response" : {
      "rc" : 1
   },
   "status" : 200
}
'
=== response is ok =============================================
status: 200 - 'Success.'
--- response data: ---------------------------------------------
{
  'rc' => 1
}
================================================================

Putting item '/home/mj/devel/padre-src/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel/lib/Padre/Plugin/ReDevel.pm' -> '/home/rd/redevel-simple-test/ppr-lib/Padre/Plugin/ReDevel.pm'

=end text

=head2 Example configuration

=begin text

---
version: 0.05
hosts:
    MyH-alias:
        host: localhost
        host_dist_type: linux-64b
        user: rd
        type: key
path_maps:
    MyPm-alias:
        -
            - '/home/mj/devel/padre-src/Padre-Plugin-ReDevel/lib/'
            - '**'
            - '/home/rd/redevel-simple-test/ppr-lib/'
        -
            - '/home/mj/.local/share/.padre/redevel.yml'
            -
            - '/home/rd/redevel-simple-test/redevel-back.yml'
session:
    - session_name: "redevel - simple_test"
      hosts:
        MyH-alias:
          paths:
            - MyPm-alias

=end text

=cut

